Add automated release workflow & fix failing tests (#113)
pantheon-systems/pantheon-mu-plugin: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Release Process

Releases are automated via GitHub Actions and gated by the version string in `pantheon.php`.

### How it works

The version appears in two places in `pantheon.php` that must always match:

1. The plugin header comment: `* Version: 1.5.7-dev`
2. The PHP constant: `define( 'PANTHEON_MU_PLUGIN_VERSION', '1.5.7-dev' );`

When a commit lands on `main`, the release workflow reads the version and applies the following logic:

- **Ends in `-dev`** (e.g. `1.5.7-dev`): do nothing. This is the normal working state.
- **Does not end in `-dev`** (e.g. `1.5.7`): the workflow automatically:
  1. Creates a Git tag for that version (no `v` prefix, per existing convention).
  2. Publishes a GitHub Release with auto-generated release notes.
  3. Increments the patch version and appends `-dev` (e.g. `1.5.7` → `1.5.8-dev`), updating both occurrences in `pantheon.php`.

>   4. Opens a PR with the bump and enables auto-merge — it merges automatically.

Author: ```suggestion
  4. Opens a PR with the bump and enables auto-merge.
```

### Shipping a release

Update both version strings in `pantheon.php` on your PR before merging:

| Goal | Change in `pantheon.php` |
|---|---|
| No release (normal PR) | Leave as `X.Y.Z-dev` |
| Patch release | `1.5.7-dev` → `1.5.7` |
| Minor release | `1.5.7-dev` → `1.6.0` |
| Major release | `1.5.7-dev` → `2.0.0` |

> After a release, automation sets the working version to the next patch `-dev`. If the next release should be a minor or major bump, update `pantheon.php` again on a subsequent PR.

Author: ```suggestion
After a release, automation sets the working version to the next patch `-dev`.
```

### Manual steps that remain

> If new files were added that should be excluded from the WordPress upstream, add them to `.gitattributes` with `export-ignore` and update the `$files_to_delete` array in [`update-tool/src/Update/Filters/CopyMuPlugin.php`](https://github.com/pantheon-systems/update-tool/blob/master/src/Update/Filters/CopyMuPlugin.php).

Author: ```suggestion
### Manual steps that remain

If new files were added that should be excluded from the WordPress upstream, add them to `.gitattributes` with `export-ignore`.
```
